Dev guide: add notes about different image types for integration and unit/sanity tests (#68663)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/testing_integration.rst

.. note:: Running integration tests within Docker

>    To protect your system from any potential changes caused by integration tests, and to ensure a sensible set of dependencies are available we recommend that you always run integration tests with the ``--docker`` option, for example ``--docker centos8``. See the `list of supported docker images <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/test/lib/ansible_test/_data/completion/docker.txt>`_ for options (the ``default`` image is used for sanity and unit tests only, not for integration tests).

Reviewer: The default container is also used for platform independent integration tests:

```suggestion
   To protect your system from any potential changes caused by integration tests, and to ensure a sensible set of dependencies are available we recommend that you always run integration tests with the ``--docker`` option, for example ``--docker centos8``. See the `list of supported docker images <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/test/lib/ansible_test/_data/completion/docker.txt>`_ for options (the ``default`` image is used for sanity and unit tests, as well as for platform independent integration tests such as those for cloud modules).
```

Author: @mattclay thanks for the explanation and changes! committed

   To protect your system from any potential changes caused by integration tests, and to ensure a sensible set of dependencies are available we recommend that you always run integration tests with the ``--docker`` option. See the `list of supported docker images <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/test/lib/ansible_test/_data/completion/docker.txt>`_ for options.

>    Don't use the ``default`` docker image (used for sanity and unit tests only), always pass an image name explicitly.

Reviewer 2: Minor niggle, from a 'teaching' point of view it's generally worth giving a 'positive' example rather than just a negative one.  The document you link to doesn't explain why you'd make a given choice, just that you have one.

Author: @tremble , good suggestion. Changed. PTAL
